---
layout: default
title: "Team Minutes"
parent: "Module: Secure Software Development"
nav_order: 17
---

## Team Minutes // University of Essex
### Members: 
- <a href="https://github.com/alesteka" target="_blank">Ales Tekavcic</a>
- <a href="https://github.com/muwalofra" target="_blank">Francis Muwalo</a>
- <a href="https://github.com/nkosi-tauro" target="_blank">Nkosilathi Tauro</a>
- <a href="https://github.com/alihu12345" target="_blank">Abdulahi Alihu Ngamjeh</a>


## Team Meeting 1 (06/05)

The Team met for the first time and we drafted and completed the Team Contract
- We decided to brainstorm which domain to pick and discuss that in our next team meeting
- We have a rotational Team Leader (This week it was Ales)
- We also lost one of our Team members due to a team reshuffle.  

## Team Meeting 2 (13/05)
- The Team decided to go with the Dutch Police Forensics Domain
- The team decided to make use of Python as the Language for this project.
- Things that the Team needs To think about:
    - Look at Django and Flask 
    - We will need Testing Libraries, Authentication, Databases, Logs etc
    - Microservices? (Containers: Docker etc)
    - Hosting(AWS, Google Cloud etc) 

**Todo**:
The team will each design a version of the below System Architecture. We will then meet up next week to choose the best version and proceed with that. 

(Proposed, feel free to change this)
We propose a microservices architecture, with the following services:

User Service: Handles authentication, authorisation, user profiles, and roles.  
Data Service: Responsible for storing, retrieving, updating, and deleting data.  
Encryption Service: Encrypts and decrypts data.  
Event Monitoring Service: Monitors and logs system events.  
Analysis Service: Performs complex data analysis tasks.   
API Gateway: Routes requests to appropriate services.  


## Team Meeting 3 (20/05)
- The Team met up to discuss the Designs we had worked on in the past week.
- We set up some timelines to get the Design document done and ready for the Tutor review
- We set up a knowledge dump document for the team to share what they are working on


## Team Meeting 4 (27/05)	
- The Team started drafting the Design Proposal
- We are getting ready to Submit it for Tutor Feedback this week
- We also started with the Command Line Prototype

## Team Meeting 5 (03/06)	
- The team met up to discuss the feedback we got from the tutor in the review session.
- Overall, we were on the right track with our initial first draft, we just had to put more focus on following the diagram rules (e.g. No state in a use case diagram) and making our document less wordy but still keeping its brevity.
- The team divided up the Final tasks based on the feedback received.
    - Francis will work on the Background and revise the Use Case diagram
    - Abdul will work on the Activity diagram
    - I will work on revising the Proposed system, design decisions and an Architecture diagram
    - Ales will continue to work on the Prototype.


## Team Meeting 6 & 7 (08/06) (10/06)
- We met up to discuss the final tasks we had assigned each other.
- We reviewed and compiled the final document.
- Ales completed the prototype and pushed the files to GitHub
- We Submitted the Final Design Proposal and Prototype on Saturday (10/06)
	
